Implement multitenancy (#50)
InseeFrLab/s3-operator: README.md

| Flag name                   | Default | Environment variable | Multiple values allowed | Description                                                                                                                                    |
| --------------------------- | ------- | -------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `health-probe-bind-address` | `:8081` | -                    | no                      | The address the probe endpoint binds to. Comes from Operator SDK.                                                                              |
| `leader-elect`              | `false` | -                    | no                      | Enable leader election for controller manager. Enabling this will ensure there is only one active controller manager. Comes from Operator SDK. |
| `metrics-bind-address`      | `:8080` | -                    | no                      | The address the metric endpoint binds to. Comes from Operator SDK.                                                                             |  |

> | `override-existing-secret`  | false   | -                    | no                      | Update secret linked to s3User if already exist, else noop                                                                                     |

Reviewer: Maybe this should go to s3Instance CRD?

Author: It's more a kubernetes config than a s3config not ? it could be difficult to debug if sometimes secrets are override and sometimes not ?

| `path-deletion`                 | false            | -                    | no                      | Trigger path deletion on the S3 backend upon CR deletion. Limited to deleting the `.keep` files used by the operator.                          |
| `s3User-deletion`               | false            | -                    | no                      | Trigger S3User deletion on the S3 backend upon CR deletion.                                                                                    |
| `override-existing-secret`      | false            | -                    | no                      | Update secret linked to s3User if already exist, else noop                                                                                     |

> | `allowedNamespaces`             | ""               | -                    | no                      | namespace allowed to use default s3Instance                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `allowed-namespaces`             | `[]`               | -                    | no                      | namespace allowed to use default s3Instance                                                                                                    |
```

An instance of S3Operator can manage multiple S3. On each resource created you can set where to create it. To add multiple instance of S3 see S3Instance example. On each object deployed you can attach it to an existing s3Instance. If no instance is set on the resource, S3Operator will failback to default instance configured by env var.

### S3Instance example

```yaml
apiVersion: s3.onyxia.sh/v1alpha1
kind: S3Instance
metadata:
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/name: bucket
    app.kubernetes.io/instance: bucket-sample
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: s3-operator
    app.kubernetes.io/managed-by: kustomize
    app.kubernetes.io/created-by: s3-operator
  name: s3-default-instance                     # Name of the S3Instance
spec:
  s3Provider: minio                             # Type of the Provider. Can be "mockedS3Provider" or "minio"
  urlEndpoint: minio.example.com                # URL of the Provider
  secretName: minio-credentials                 # Name of the secret containing 2 Keys S3_ACCESS_KEY and S3_SECRET_KEY
  region: us-east-1                             # Region of the Provider
  useSSL: true                                  # useSSL to query the Provider

>   allowedNamespaces: []                         # AllowedNamespaces to use this s3instance can get regexp if empty only the same namespace as s3instance is allowed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allowedNamespaces: []                         # namespaces allowed to have buckets, policies, ... Wildcard prefix/suffix allowed. If empty only the same namespace as s3instance is allowed
```
